[124.

dhe ttttlc lieo 130011 of ntutol 93

Ordinanccs sor the Skinners.

mnus *cm sonnt lez peticion ordy·

naunces, et articles queux sount
gramen et eonfermez a lez
maistres et burgeises del art de
pelliters de Bristnyt en le temps
de Thomas Blount Maire dela
ville de Bristuyt Thomas Yonge
Vuoount de mesme la ville, John
Spyne et Robert Barstaple, Baii-
lifs de dite ville, par auys et
assent de tout la Commune Coun-
saille del ville auauntdite tenua
en le Gihalde le lundy proschein
apres le fest de seynt Vynoent
[τι Jan], lan du regne le Roy
Henry le quart puis le conquest
noefisme, la tenour dez quelez
peticion et mdinaunoes ensuyt
ΨΘ*

As honurables et discretz siras
lez maire, visoount et toutz lez
honurables burgeises del Com·
mune Connsaille de la ville de
Bristuyt, supplicat humblement
voz comburgeises lez Pellitets de
masma la villa. Coment lour arta
par malueys gentz nient sachauntz
lour arte lez bons genta del ville et
del pays sonnt malement semies et

These are the petition, ordin· Sanctus.

annes and articles which are
granted and confirmed to the
masters and burgosses of the
erait of skinners of Bristol in tha
time of Thomas Blount, Mayor
of the town of Bristol, Thomas
Yonge, Sheriff of the same town,
John Spyne and Robert Barstaplq
aarum osne saccom, ny the
advice and assent of all the
common Council of the town
aforesaid held in the Guildhall,
Monday next aster tha feast of
St. Vmcent [η Jan.]‚ the ninth
year of the reign os Hensy 1v.
aster the conquest [1408]‚ the
tenor of which petition and
ordinances follows hereaiterz-
'l’o the honourable and discreet
Sirs, the Maym, suerin} and all
the honourable burgesses of the
common Council oi the town of
Bristol, supplicate humbly your
co-burgesses the skinners of the
same town. Whereas through evil
persons knowing nothing of their
craft the good people oi the town
and oountry are badly served and

 

