160 abe little ἰξοῦ Ἑοοὴ of mstot

autres malofzits, disoeitsetdnmagae
dount ne fiuent annunt nez heom
vnques ascum οπὶὀιιειιιιοοεΙ ne

medimhitsnemmen

. munde diselaundte et manent

do toutz lez merchants del dit
ville, de toutz lez genta de mame
mdehmetdetmmla
communes do la villo subdit, et
umnegoenotreseignourelekoy
ι mmo la villo οοιιῆιιιιιεε1 Quo
plum a voe sagos dimoeiom de
omcidoeer 1oe matiers munditz et
mmmmm damagoequoux
entpmrontaueniretsuroeopuvoe
maga odvia et discedens de
ρυηοία, adsignet, stim establier
etgrauntiermunsbonzetnotablea
ordonaunoez desouthe 10 commune
sealde mmo subditas ditz snp-
pumtzetaloumucooemesgents
del ditate do hopen pur le bom
gouernanoez et mle do eux, lam
amundioe et ‹10 toutz ln genta et
choses ayoelle arto appnrtmaunts
spupetuolmentadureratoutzioun
pulo honoute dedimetdodit

villo et pur 10 nummum pmfite de

mumolavillmrtodohopm
amuntditetdotoutzlozueguz
confluantumoemeluinopur

doingmmyothermisdeedgdeoeits
and damages for which hitherto
them have never been any ordin·
moos or medies had, made or
granted, to the great wandel and
(ἱππικοὶ of all the merchato of
menaidtown,0fa11themenofthe
εεωοοηῆοῐὴοοροωιιᾱοὶὡῑῑιο
common: of the town abomid,
and other Hegea of out lord tho
king κεκοπὼς to the said town.
Mayit plenae your sagudisoeetions
to consider the matters aforesaid
md other mischiuss and damam
which can ariae thosdrum, and
therefor by your very sago advioe
and discretions to provide, min,
make, establish and grant ποιῆθ’
good and notable ordimem und«
the common Sed of tho town
ebovoeasdto the said suppum and
to theirsucoessors men of the said
craftofhoopersforthogoodgovem·
ment and mle of them, tho erest
aforesaid, and of all the menumd
things portamingto that cust pu·
petumy to last for ever, for the
honour ofGod, and ofthesaidtm,
md for the common profit 01 tho

memtheerastofhoopoeu

mammos-umam„

 

